Feature: prev next button for detail and edit views (#9165)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/PrevNextButtons.md

| Rule name                  | Description                      |
| -------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| `& .RaPrevNextButton-list` | Applied to the list container |

Here is an example:

{% raw %}
```tsx
export const CustomerShow = () => (
    <Show
        actions={
            <TopToolbar>
                <PrevNextButtons
                    linkType="show"
                    sx={{
                        color: 'blue',
                        '& .RaPrevNextButton-list': {
                            padding: '10px',
                        },
                    }}
                />
            </TopToolbar>
        }
    >
    ...
    </Show>
);
```
{% endraw %}

## Navigating Through Records In`<Edit>` Views After Submit

Let's says users want to edit customer records and to navigate between records in the `<Edit>` view. The default react-admin behaviors causes two problems: 

> - when their save a record the user is redirected to the `<List>` view,
> - when their navigate accross records, the form is not saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when they save a record the user is redirected to the `<List>` view,
- when they navigate to another record, the form is not saved.
```
